Documentation update: `changebonds` improvements (#168)
QuantumKitHub/MPSKit.jl: docs/src/man/algorithms.md

Reviewer: It looks like you have to change a bit the setting on the linewidth...
I think we used [Julia's default](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/documentation/#Syntax-Guide) (92 lines)

Author: Okay, thanks for pointing this out. I'll redo do tomorrow or tonight :)

  locally truncating the state using an SVD decomposition. This yields a (locally) optimal
  truncation, but clearly cannot be used to increase the bond dimension. Note that a
  globally optimal truncation can be obtained by using the [`SvdCut`](@ref) algorithm in
  combination with [`approximate`](@ref). Since the output of this method might have a
  truncated bonddimension, the new state might not be identical to the input state.

>   The truncation is implemented through the kwarg trscheme which truncates the singular
>   values of the inputted state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The truncation is controlled through `trscheme`, which dictates how the singular values
  of the original state are truncated.
```

* [`OptimalExpand`](@ref): This algorithm is based on the idea of expanding the bond
  dimension by investigating the two-site derivative, and adding the most important blocks
  which are orthogonal to the current state. From the point of view of a local two-site
  update, this procedure is *optimal*, but it requires to evaluate a two-site derivative,

>   which can be costly when the physical space is large. 
> 
>   Since the new sectors are added with singular values 0 the state will remain unchanged.
>   Afterwards a one-site scheme will be able to push the optimization further.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this change really does anything, and it also adds singular vectors in sectors that already appear, so I would honestly just keep the old wording here.
```suggestion
  which can be costly when the physical space is large. The state will remain unchanged, but
  a one-site scheme will now be able to push the optimization further.
```

>   For optimalexpand the kwarg trscheme only truncates the added sectors. E.g. with
>   trscheme=truncdim(d_extra) the bonddimension increases with no more than d_extra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The subspace used for expansion can be controlled through `trscheme`, which dictates how many singular values will be added.
```
(+ format, doing this on github)

Author: For me this is still not entirely clear.

I think : The subspace used for expansion can be truncation using `trscheme` .

Might be clearer ?

* [`RandExpand`](@ref): This algorithm similarly adds blocks orthogonal to the current
  state, but does not attempt to select the most important ones, and rather just selects
  them at random. The advantage here is that this is much cheaper than the optimal expand,
  and if the bond dimension is grown slow enough, this still obtains a very good expansion

>   scheme. 

Reviewer: same comment here

  
  Again, the new sectors are added with singular value 0 so that the state remains
  unchanged, and a one-site scheme will be able to push the optimization further.

>   Similarly to the Optimalexpand algortihm the trscheme kwarg only truncates added sectors. 

Reviewer: I would also copy the sentence from above

* [`VUMPSSvdCut`](@ref): This algorithm is based on the [`VUMPS`](@ref) algorithm, and
  consists of performing a two-site update (which introduced new sectors), and then
  truncating the state back down using some truncation algorithm. In contrast with the
  previous methods the new sectors are not added with singular values 0 (but rather with
  singular values optimal to lower the energy) so that the outputted state is, in general,
  not equal to the input state. 

  Because of the two-site update, this can again become expensive, but the algorithm has the

>   option of both expanding as well as truncating the bond dimension. 

Reviewer: I'm also not sure if this contains more information, the note on new sectors is not necessarily true, and the singular values being 0 really is an implementation detail that only explains something if you already know what is going on...

Author: I agree that the part on sinvals being zero can be dropped.

Regarding the rest, doesn't the two site update add sectors that lower the energy ?

Reviewer: I don't know if it is guaranteed to lower the energy actually, but it definitely tries to :)
The thing is, it adds singular values optimal (in a twosite sense) to lower the energy, which you will then use for the onesite energy, and there's a whole can of worms I don't want to touch :p 
Mostly what I meant is, it does not necessarily add new sectors (for example in Z2 it would only add degeneracy), and while I know what you mean with that statement, that might be confusing.
This is also only applicable to hamiltonians, while you could also use this for transferMPO stuff or PEPS things (although I am not sure if that's currently implemented)

>   Here the trscheme kwarg truncates the full state s.t. for example trscheme=truncdim(d)
>   will return a state with bonddimension smaller than d.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Here, `trscheme` controls the truncation of the state after the two-site update.
```
